Updated to latest config changes (#63)
gitpod-io/gitpod-docs: src/44_Config_Start_Tasks.md

```

You can have multiple tasks, which are opened on separated terminals.

## Defining Commands

The `command` property is used to specifiy the command that shall be started on ever start of a workspace.
It is a bash command and doesn't need to terminate. For instance, you could start a web server or a database.

> The `init` property can be used to specify shell commands that should only be executed on after a workspace was freshly cloned and needs to be initialized somehow.

Reviewer: The description of `before` is missing - I think it would make sense to list the phases the workspace goes through, i.e. a list of cases:
- freshly started: before, init, command
- restarted/snapshot: before?, command

Such tasks are usually builds or downloading dependencies. Anything you only want to do once but not whejn you restart a workspace or start a [snapshot](33_Sharing_anc_Collaborationb.md).

Here is an example for a node project that makes use of `init`:

```yaml
tasks:
  - init: npm install
  - command: npm run dev
```

This will make sure that `npm install` is executed only on after the repository were cloned, but not when restarting the workspace or starting a snapshot of that workspace.

### Configuring the Terminal

> A task allows to declarative configure where and how the terminal should be open through the properties below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A task allows to configure where and how the terminal should open using the properties below.
```

```suggestion
A task allows to declaratively configure where and how the terminal should be opened through the properties below.
```
